c:\users\prabhakar\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\CompoundInterest\CompoundInterest.Tests\obj\Debug\CompoundInterest.Tests.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\users\prabhakar\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\CompoundInterest\CompoundInterest.Tests\bin\Debug\market.csv
c:\users\prabhakar\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\CompoundInterest\CompoundInterest.Tests\bin\Debug\CompoundInterest.Tests.dll
c:\users\prabhakar\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\CompoundInterest\CompoundInterest.Tests\bin\Debug\CompoundInterest.Tests.pdb
c:\users\prabhakar\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\CompoundInterest\CompoundInterest.Tests\bin\Debug\Castle.Core.dll
c:\users\prabhakar\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\CompoundInterest\CompoundInterest.Tests\bin\Debug\CompoundInterest.exe
c:\users\prabhakar\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\CompoundInterest\CompoundInterest.Tests\bin\Debug\Moq.dll
c:\users\prabhakar\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\CompoundInterest\CompoundInterest.Tests\bin\Debug\nunit.framework.dll
c:\users\prabhakar\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\CompoundInterest\CompoundInterest.Tests\bin\Debug\Ploeh.AutoFixture.dll
c:\users\prabhakar\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\CompoundInterest\CompoundInterest.Tests\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Practices.Unity.dll
c:\users\prabhakar\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\CompoundInterest\CompoundInterest.Tests\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Practices.ServiceLocation.dll
c:\users\prabhakar\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\CompoundInterest\CompoundInterest.Tests\bin\Debug\CompoundInterest.pdb
c:\users\prabhakar\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\CompoundInterest\CompoundInterest.Tests\bin\Debug\CompoundInterest.exe.config
c:\users\prabhakar\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\CompoundInterest\CompoundInterest.Tests\bin\Debug\Castle.Core.xml
c:\users\prabhakar\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\CompoundInterest\CompoundInterest.Tests\bin\Debug\Moq.xml
c:\users\prabhakar\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\CompoundInterest\CompoundInterest.Tests\bin\Debug\nunit.framework.xml
c:\users\prabhakar\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\CompoundInterest\CompoundInterest.Tests\bin\Debug\Ploeh.AutoFixture.xml
c:\users\prabhakar\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\CompoundInterest\CompoundInterest.Tests\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Practices.Unity.xml
c:\users\prabhakar\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\CompoundInterest\CompoundInterest.Tests\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Practices.ServiceLocation.pdb
c:\users\prabhakar\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\CompoundInterest\CompoundInterest.Tests\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Practices.ServiceLocation.xml
c:\users\prabhakar\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\CompoundInterest\CompoundInterest.Tests\obj\Debug\CompoundInterest.Tests.dll
c:\users\prabhakar\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\CompoundInterest\CompoundInterest.Tests\obj\Debug\CompoundInterest.Tests.pdb
